We cannot sincerely
celebrate all that was good
about our dearly departed.
Not until we released the
horror that they inflicted upon us.
What awful thing
did Grandpa ever do to you?
He bought this house without telling me.
Oh my God.
I was helpfully
getting some boxes in town
and I heard you screaming.
Are you all right?
It was Delia.
Oh, Delia.
I'm good.
Ignore her.
I was very thoughtful of you.
Ask her, can you give
him a hand with the boxes?
I told the movers to
come a week from today, all right?
I think that'll give us
all time to get over our grief
and our trauma,
and then after the wedding,
I think we should go back
and we gotta finish those shows.
Maybe Mom can get the ghosts in
the attic to give use a hand.
Adam and Barbara Maitland.
They're not here anymore.
Why, they found a better house to haunt?
No, we found a
loophole and they moved on.
How convenient.